Okay, Miss.
I'll order someone to remove the herbs from the kitchen
Put it in the warehouse
Just give the little one the key.
Well, forget it.
What about these remaining medicinal materials?
I will deliver it in person.
Don't bother you
How can that work?
The warehouse has been abandoned for a long time
If the lady wants to deliver it in person
What should I do if I am disturbed?
Or say
There is a hidden secret in the warehouse
We can't know.
Husband, you are really overthinking
That gray place in the warehouse
What secrets could there be?
Forget it, since it's a nearby kindness
Then I'll drink it
This is for the body after all
So as not to put it in the warehouse and fall ash
come
Husband
Husband, this is
This is good stuff.
Of course we are.
Since you say it's a good way to refresh your mind
Then it must be good for your health.
Why don't you want to drink
Could it be that it was really poisoned in it?